Hey, look!
It's Baek Yoonho
from the White Tiger Guild.
Choi Jong-In from
the Hunters Guild is also here.
Why are there so many people?
What is happening today?
Are you both here to recruit Lee Minsung?
- Minsung? Who is that?
- Will Lee Minsung retire
- from the entertainment industry?
- I'm not here for that.
- Could you share your thoughts?
I know Lee Minsung has signed
with the Fiend Guild,
but I'm here for something else.
What?
I thought there'd be some big news.
What a waste of time.
I've heard the story.
The A-Rank dungeon that nearly reached
S-Rank caused you a lot of trouble.
Well...
Not as bad as how the White Tiger Guild
let A-Rank rookies die in the Red Gate.
I heard you almost had
to ask us for help.
But he didn't let it turn out like that.
To repay him,
our Hunters Guild must give him
a grand welcome.
Nonsense, he also helped us.
Plus, we had casualties.
Are you trying to recruit
another S-Rank Hunter?
Are you trying to start a war?
I'm asking you the exact same thing.
Oh?
Are you Jong-In and Yoonho?
Hello.
Are you fighting over our Lee Minsung?
Be it Lee Minsung or Lee Minho,
I'm not interested!
You two are sharing one mind.
Today is the day for my re-evaluation.
But what's with this fuss?
SOLO LEVELING SEASON 2
-ARISE FROM THE SHADOW-
Look, it's Minsung's press conference.
- That actor?
- Next, we will live-stream
- I've heard he has an indecent private life.
- the press conference.
- He had affairs with women he worked with.
- What are they talking about?
- Is it an apology press conference?
- I'm not interested.
Thank you all for gathering here today.
As everyone knows,
I, Lee Minsung, have awakened
the power of a Hunter.
In a moment, I will go in
for my rank assessment.
Since the day I awakened,
I've been worrying endlessly.
But I've made up my mind.
I will fulfill the mission given to me.
I will fight under the leadership of
the Fiend Guild's master, Lim Tae-Gyu.
Does it mean you are retiring
from the entertainment industry?
Without even knowing your assessment results?
Are you going to be fully a Hunter?
Of course not.
I got an A-Rank rating a long time ago.
The contract with the Fiend Guild
is for two years.
I'll just be a Hunter during this time.
Until all the scandals are forgotten,
I will then return to the entertainment industry
with the achievements of
an A-Rank Hunter.
No matter what rank I am at,
I will risk my life to fight the magic—
Hey!
We're still holding a press conference!
Step aside, don't block the camera!
No, I need to go to the association.
Wait till later!
How can there be someone so oblivious?
No access here! Move aside...
It would be very inconvenient for me
if you blocked the road.
C-Chairman Go?!
That gentleman is my guest.
Didn't we request you to not hold
a press conference at this hour?
Ah...
- Please come in, Hunter Sung.
- This way, the scandal can be...
- He messed up my event!
- Does anyone know who that man is?
Sorry, everyone.
I'll go and check again.
There are others currently
undergoing re-evaluation.
No entry until it's done.
Hey, do you know who I am?
Just one word from me
and you'll lose your job.
I don't know who you are.
But if you're here to cause trouble,
that's not a very wise decision.
They are here waiting for today's results.
They must be eager to know the strength
of a new S-Rank Hunter after two years.
Before the re-evaluation,
we need to verify your
Hunter ability system.
What kind of ability
can you use, Hunter Sung?
I can do this.
Is this summoning?
So you can use summoning magic, right?
Well... Sort of.
Hunter Sung.
I have seen the report
submitted by Chief Woo.
You can do more than that, right?
I guess so.
They've seen everything.
I can summon about a hundred more.
A... A hundred?!
It's really unbelievable!
Such enormous magic power!
He is even stronger than me...
This is...
...the power of Hunter Sung!
Thank you.
The re-evaluation process is complete.
Here is your new Hunter license.
Great, now it won't arouse any suspicion
to sell the Sphere of Avarice.
I'll use that money to gear up.
This time I'll conquer the Demon's Castle.
With this,
you are a real S-Rank Hunter.
I look forward to seeing
what great feats you'll achieve.
Congratulations on becoming
an S-Rank Hunter.
May I express my gratitude
for what you did before?
I also have something to discuss with you.
May I take a moment of your time?
Sorry, I have other matters to attend to.
Ah, there...
Huh? What?
H-Hey...
Hmm?
Hey...
Hey!
What?
Jinwoo...
Jinah, your brother is on TV.
What?
THE 10TH S-RANK HUNTER
IN HISTORY HAS APPEARED!
No way! How?!
- He's on the news.
- We just received the latest information.
- Didn't I tell you?
- About an hour ago,
- That kid must have killed someone.
- under the guidance of Chairman Go,
- Let me see what he's done.
- Hunter Sung received a re-evaluation
and was officially assessed as S-Rank.
What?!
The association's database
has been updated.
Although not officially announced,
it is confirmed that he received
the S-Rank evaluation.
He became the nation's
10th S-Rank Hunter.
It is a major event two years
after Hunter Cha appeared.
- S-Rank! He is the 10th S-Rank!
- Ah, wait...
- Quick, over there!
- My press conference...
Don't let him get away!
I couldn't persuade Mr. Sung
to change his mind.
Is that so?
I'm sorry.
I have something I must complete alone.
For this, I must keep fighting
and become stronger.
Joining any organization now
will only hinder my progress.
Jinho.
So, I...
And then...
Mr. Sung asked me to follow him.
Do you know how selfish
your decision is?
I originally entrusted
this project to Jinsung.
Then you came to me
and made a grand speech.
Not only do you accomplish nothing,
but now you want to abandon
everything and leave.
Do you think that's fair?
I'm really sorry, Father.
Even so,
I still have to go to Mr. Sung.
Then,
you have to make
a corresponding conclusion.
Please step back.
Please don't forcefully take photos.
- Don't push, it's dangerous
- Dealing with them will only wear you out.
We will take you back to your home.
Don't bother.
So strong physically,
yet he's also a Mage...
President Baek?
So fast!
My eyes can't keep up!
He's become even stronger
than back then.
Why is that?
Next is the equipment.
We've been expecting you, Hunter Sung.
You want to purchase an artifact that can
defend against fire-based attacks, right?
May I ask what it's for?
To resist the heat in the dungeon.
I see.
In that case,
how about these?
It's a cloak that you wear
over your clothes.
And a ring that is easy to wear.
Not bad.
It is also quite affordable.
Ugh...
Can you lower the price?
I'm really sorry,
but the price in our store is fixed.
However, if you can break the glass here,
we can give you the product for free.
Huh?
The glass in our store is specially
reinforced with magic.
- This one?
- Even an A-Rank Hunter
- It does have magic power,
- can't cause any damage to it.
- but is it really that sturdy?
This is the only store
equipped with such devices.
Wait...! Please stop!
I was just joking.
Even if it doesn't break,
a slight vibration will trigger the alarm.
Ah, I see...
I'm sorry.
No, I took the joke too far.
Ah, um...
I'd like to see other things.
Short swords, for example.
Then let me assist you,
as I'm in charge of weapons.
This way, please.
Hmm?
He didn't even touch it,
could it be...
How much does this cost?
That one...
About this price.
So much money for this?
Its strength matches
Kasaka's Venom Fang at most.
Ah...
In that case...
Mister?
Uh...
How much is this worth?
This is...
You can tell it was made
by a master craftsman.
No, it's just a short sword
sold in the shop.
I think it can be worth
at least a hundred million.
A hundred million...?!
For this short sword that I bought
with 2.8 million gold coins?
Items bought in the shop
are worth so much money...
Then I might not need
to sell the Sphere of Avarice.
Can I use the restroom?
S-Sure.
I know he's very strong.
But that is no longer a matter of levels.
The unusual magic power
that pervades the appraisal hall,
as well as his astonishing
physical abilities.
His second awakening
should have ended long ago,
but he has become even stronger.
Is that really possible?
Perhaps he's not undergoing
a second awakening...
Could it be he's a Hunter who can
continuously grow stronger?
Finally, no one is here.
Now I can go to school.
You mean the media?
The association must have helped.
Hey, be on TV if you like,
but don't get me involved!
It's no use telling me...
Ah, right.
I'll be away for a week from tomorrow.
What? Again?
Why?
Haven't you had enough...
Your confidant Yoo Jinho is reporting in.
Huh, is this your friend?
Ah, you must be Jinwoo's sister.
I am his right-hand man,
Yoo Jinho.
Well...
I'll be working with him
for a week from tomorrow.
Huh, tomorrow?
- What are you...
- We're going to work.
Right?
Y-Yeah...
We have an important job
that we have to do.
It's come to a halt for now,
but the media has already reported it.
Come out.
Huh?
Fang had four guards, didn't he?
Where's the other one?
Ah...
I knocked it to the ceiling,
so Shadow Extraction didn't get it.
Well, it doesn't matter.
You're so strong,
so three of you should be enough.
I'll bring you two soldiers.
Protect Jinah.
I'm leaving her to you.
Let's use this opportunity
to strengthen security.
Start patrolling.
Does this count as contributing to society?
Thank you for letting me
stay over last night.
It's okay.
But what do we do now?
You didn't have to run away from home.
This is the way I chose
to conclude things.
By the way, what kind of work
are you doing at Daesung Tower?
You said yesterday
you'd be away for a week.
Well.
It's kind of like training.
You want to become even stronger?!
You're already S-Rank.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'll be off.
Okay, take care.
A water-based ring and a robe of wind.
Heat protection is done.
The operation to conquer
Demon's Castle begins again.
Quest info?
"Collect Demon Souls 2."
Collect the soul of the Demon Monarch Baran.
The reward is the Shadow Exchange Rune Stone.
Is this a job-specific skill?
There are more rewards than last time.
I can't wait.
Move to the highest floor
from last time, the 76th floor.
I didn't think Jinho would leave home.
Do you feel lonely?
Just a kid we raised
left our home, that's all.
Rather, he's too old...
To still stay...
Dear?
At home...
Dear!
Let's test it out.
Come out, Fang.
It turned to ashes...
Even after it was weakened?
I must consider
the situations for such skills.
For now, I'll let Fang hold
the Sphere of Avarice.
I see. So Jinho came here.
Yes.
I told Jinho you collapsed
due to overwork.
I'm sorry.
Eternal Slumber?
Yes.
It's a condition where one
is occasionally overwhelmed
by sleepiness and will eventually
fall into an eternal sleep.
Why did I get this disease?
It is said that people
with low magic power resistance
are prone to illness if exposed
to magic power for long periods.
Is there a Hunter among
your relatives or friends?
Dear...
My son is a Hunter.
But this has yet to be
confirmed as the cause.
In this world of magic power,
I have no magic power resistance.
Does it mean I've been eliminated...
...by this world?
It really is peaceful here.
Yeah.
How about going fishing later?
Here you go again.
We are on patrol.
Huh?
That is...
It was correct to divide the soldiers into
six teams and have them act separately.
When sending them out,
I gave the soldiers two orders.
First, each team is to act separately
and kill all visible enemies.
Second, notify me once
the entry permit is found.
I won't be able to obtain items
other than the permit,
but the pace of my advance
has significantly quickened.
It should have been like this.
It has been two days since
I reached the 80th floor,
and the progress has slowed down.
Is there some problem?
Someone is continuously
destroying my soldiers.
That's the High Orc Team A.
I didn't expect there to be a high-level
demon that could defeat High Orcs.
I'll call Team A back and investigate.
After Team A was attacked,
Team B was also attacked.
Whoever the enemy is,
it is formidable.
But something is strange.
The Fang team should be next to Team A.
Why was the more distant
Team B attacked instead?
Does this mean he is
not as strong as Fang?
If he's targeting opponents
he thinks he can defeat,
that means he has the intelligence
to assess strength.
In this case,
his next target is...
I see.
No wonder the magic beast soldiers
are no match for these guys.
I have always been curious...
Whether magic beasts can feel fear.
Now...
I finally found the answer.
SOLO LEVELING
EPISODE 19: THE 10TH S-RANK HUNTER
EPISODE 20: LOOKING UP WAS TIRING ME OUT